User flow attribute assignments documentation creation (#10667)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/b2xidentityuserflow-post-userattributeassignments.md

---

> title: "Create userAttributeAssignments in b2xIdentityUserFlow"

Reviewer: "in b2xIdentityUserFlow" not needed.

Author: Fixed

description: "Create a new identityUserFlowAttributeAssignment object in a b2xIdentityUserFlow."
author: "jkdouglas"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

> # Create userAttributeAssignments in b2xIdentityUserFlow

Reviewer: Same as title.

Author: Fixed

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|External Identity User Flow Administrator, Global Administrator|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|External Identity User Flow Administrator, Global Administrator|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->

``` http
POST /identity/b2xUserFlows/{id}/userAttributeAssignments
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [identityUserFlowAttributeAssignment](../resources/identityuserflowattributeassignment.md) object.

The following table shows the properties that are required when you create the [identityUserFlowAttributeAssignment](../resources/identityuserflowattributeassignment.md).

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|displayName|String|The display name of the identityUserFlowAttribute within a user flow.|

> |isOptional|Boolean|Determines whether the identityUserFlowAttribute is optional. `true` means the user does not have to provide a value. `false` means the user cannot complete sign up without providing a value.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isOptional|Boolean|Determines whether the identityUserFlowAttribute is optional. `true` means the user doesn't have to provide a value. `false` means the user cannot complete sign-up without providing a value.|
```

|requiresVerification|Boolean|Determines whether the identityUserFlowAttribute requires verification. This is only used for verifying the user's phone number or email address.|
|userAttributeValues|[userAttributeValuesItem](../resources/userattributevaluesitem.md) collection|The input options for the user flow attribute. Only applicable when the userInputType is `radioSingleSelect`, `dropdownSingleSelect`, or `checkboxMultiSelect`.|
|userInputType|identityUserFlowAttributeInputType|The input type of the user flow attribute. Possible values are: `textBox`, `dateTimeDropdown`, `radioSingleSelect`, `dropdownSingleSelect`, `emailBox`, `checkboxMultiSelect`.|
|userAttribute|[identityUserFlowAttribute]|The identifier for the user flow attribute to include in the user flow assignment.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and an [identityUserFlowAttributeAssignment](../resources/identityuserflowattributeassignment.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",

>   "name": "create_identityuserflowattributeassignment_from_"

Reviewer: This is kind of an odd name. Is "from_" needed?

Author: I can remove. That is what the doc stub generator named it.

|userAttributeValues|[userAttributeValuesItem](../resources/userattributevaluesitem.md) collection|The input options for the user flow attribute. Only applicable when the userInputType is `radioSingleSelect`, `dropdownSingleSelect`, or `checkboxMultiSelect`.|
|userInputType|identityUserFlowAttributeInputType|The input type of the user flow attribute. Possible values are: `textBox`, `dateTimeDropdown`, `radioSingleSelect`, `dropdownSingleSelect`, `emailBox`, `checkboxMultiSelect`.|
|userAttribute|[identityUserFlowAttribute]|The identifier for the user flow attribute to include in the user flow assignment.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and an [identityUserFlowAttributeAssignment](../resources/identityuserflowattributeassignment.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_identityuserflowattributeassignment_from_"
}
-->

``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identity/b2xUserFlows/{id}/userAttributeAssignments
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "optional": false,
    "requiresVerification": false,

>     "userInputType": "TextBox",

Reviewer 2: Here as well.
